the navy has a lot better chance of having transferable skills learned
by you than for instance that one of the service militaria infantry
type services I mean I was a M. sixty machine gunner in Vietnam as
well as a linguist hard to find many jobs is him sixty machine gun so
let's talk about those difficult position in the marine corps if you're
in in sixty machine gun or what he kept telling to get out a return
to civilian life they offered you something called project transition
where you can go learned a marine corps field or civilian field
if necessary that might be useful to you for instance just because
I wanted to do for fun I put in for that project and I was assigned
to the base photo lab where I was able to do photographing development
and learn photographic skills which would've been very useful
in civilian life and I wanted to pursue that as a profession so that's
one way to look at it but my linguistic skills academia accepted
my language training I got almost I think it was like twelve hours of
credit in my from my language training from the military they just
accepted but the major thing that I got was every place I've gone people
said the man who is senior enlisted or an officer in the military
has shown management discipline and and group choose patient characteristics
which would be valuable to me and that has all transferred
very well